[docs] Add “Building a Social Media Agent” Blog Post (#5844)
block/goose: documentation/blog/2025-11-21-social-media-agent-automation/index.md

---
title: Building a Social Media Agent

> description: Join me as I build a fully automated social media agent using MCP servers to fetch content and post through Sprout Social. No more manual social promo!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: I built a fully automated social media agent using MCP servers to fetch content and post through Sprout Social.
```

authors: 
    - ebony
---

![blog cover](header-image.png) 

> Creating content is fun.  
> Promoting it (aka the most important part) drains my soul 😩

When I posted that on LinkedIn the other night, I realized I'm definitely not the only one who feels this way. You spend hours making this masterpiece, and then you have to remember to promote it across multiple platforms every single time.

It’s exhausting, so I decided to automate it.

> And yeah… I definitely got a little too excited and started coding before the livestream. I was up until 8 PM because once the idea hit, I had to see if it would actually work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
